+++
title = "Racial Disparities in Policing: A Variance Decomposition Approach"

# Date first published.
date = "2020-08-04"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["M Meyer", "A Haviland"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Contributed Paper Presentation at JSM 2020"
publication_short = "Contributed Paper Presentation at JSM 2020*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We are interested whether the variance in racial disparities in police use of force is higher across precincts or census tracts to make better policy recommendations to the police department. Using hierarchical modeling techniques and police use of force data from a mid-sized midwestern city, we compare the estimated variances and find that the variance is higher across precincts. This finding suggests precint-level policies--good or bad--could be associated with the precinct's racial disparities in police use of force."
abstract_short = ""
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = ["ada/index.md"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""



+++
